Well,
it's time to give you a sneak peek of what's coming
up in the rest of this course.
First, we're going to talk about producing JSON in the next module.
Now I know you're thinking as a Java effort, look, it's just a string.
I know how to produce a string.
But as we'll see,
there are really a lot of better ways of producing JSON objects than
just string concatenation or string formatting.
Then we're going to look at three different ways to consume or parse JSON.
We're going to use a DOM API, a binding API, and a SAX API.
And then we'll talk about the reasons why you may want each
of those different approaches for parsing,
and what those terms actually mean, how do they differ from each other.
Finally, we'll talk about two big topic areas at the end.
Firstly, information architecture.
What are the kind of good and bad things to do when
sending messages encoded using JSON?
Then finally, how do we integrate our use of JSON?
So how do we make it work with popular web frameworks like Spring and Jersey?
And how do we use different communication patterns that we
talked about earlier in this course with JSON?
Okay.
Well if you got here, you've reached the end of the first module of the course.
Awesome!
You've learned about a few different things so far in this course.
Firstly, you learned about why you might want to use JSON, the use cases.
Then we talked about what JSON really was and how to write it by hand.
The rest of this course will let you know how to use
JSON within a Java application,
and that is going to be really exciting because you really don't want to
handcraft your JSON objects like an artisan baker.
You want an application code to mass produce the
JSON for you like a Model T car. See you then.